Include metadata commitment in note nullifier (#2953)
0xMiden/protocol: docs/src/note.md

The `Note` nullifier, computed as:

```arduino

> hash(serial_num, script_root, storage_commitment, vault_hash, metadata_commitment, EMPTY_WORD)

Reviewer: nit: similar comment re: capitalization

> hash(serial_num, script_root, storage_commitment, vault_hash, metadata_commitment, EMPTY_WORD)

Reviewer: ```
hash(serial_num, script_root, storage_commitment, assets_commitment, metadata, attachments_commitment)
```

Only noticing this now, but if there are no downsides I'm missing, I would define the nullifier like this. I.e. use the raw metadata and attachments commitment (instead of the combined metadata_commitment). When creating the nullifier from basic parts, we need to use one less permutation (no need to merge metadata and attachments commitment first). As a result, it seems a bit cleaner as we use exactly 6 word inputs. Not a major advantage, though.

Author: Makes sense! I'll update it to use metadata and attachments_commitment. This will solve the padding question (whether we need to pad it or not)

```

This achieves the following properties:

- Every `Note` can be reduced to a single unique nullifier.
- One cannot derive a note's hash from its nullifier.

> - To compute the nullifier, one must know all components of the `Note`: serial_num, script_root, storage_commitment, vault_hash, and metadata_commitment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To compute the nullifier, one must know all components of the `Note`: serial_num, script_root, storage_commitment, assets_commitment, and metadata_commitment.
```

nit: we no longer use "note vault"
